1	100 grams of liverwurst provides 8308 mcg of vitamin A, which is way higher than the recommended daily allowance for vitamin A for adults (900 mcg for men and 700 mcg for women).
2	100 YEARS AGO Feb. 20, 1914 C. Spurling, formerly a member of the Little Rock police force, was fined $250 and costs by Justice of the Peace E. H. Sanders yesterday afternoon on a charge of disturbing the peace.
3	10 great reasons to visit Westport Could Westport be the best weekend break in Ireland?
4	11. Watch Financial Television (But Only Sometimes) In general, you should avoid taking investment advice from a TV pundit.
5	12:43 p.m.: Bavor says the VR headset was designed using fabrics such as ones used in athletic wear so it's breathable and comfortable.
6	12' 4" x 9' (3.76m x 2.74m) Central heating radiator, UPVC double glazed window to side, UPVC double glazed French doors to private rear garden.
7	14. Is winning everything to you?
8	14—This district’s Court of Appeal ruled that defendants who filed a timely motion to strike a strategic lawsuit against public participation, in a suit that was dismissed on other grounds, may be awarded attorney fees under the anti-SLAPP law.
9	15: Kyle Brewer, a 10th-grade member of the New Paltz High School track team, dies after collapsing during a practice, the school district announced.
10	1675 Discovery, Vancouver BC, Canada This 135-seat performance venue is home to United Players, which offers a five-play season.
11	16 minutes ago Stamkos returns to Tampa for evaluation of leg injury Tampa Bay Lightning captain Steven Stamkos is returning home for further..
12	2011 Elections – Constitutional Amendments There are six constitutional amendments for Louisiana voters to consider this fall.
13	231 South Band will be there.
14	2 dead, 24 injured in SW China blast The death toll from a gas blast on Thursday in Southwest China's Sichuan province rose to two after an injured person died in hospital.
15	2. Heat up a non-stick skillet over medium heat.
16	2 J-DEAU’S BIG GAY MILESTONE The prime minister will march in this year’s Toronto pride parade — a first for a sitting PM.
17	2. That this resolution be issued as a public document to be disseminated to the press and media.
18	2 Used Fiat Coupe cars for sale near Warwick found Used Fiat Coupe cars for sale near Warwick One of two large coupés styled by Pininfarina in the 1970s, the other being the Rolls-Royce Camargue, the FIAT 130 Coupé was arguably the more successful design.
19	2. We should honor the reality of our emotions.
20	300 block of PR 4732 – A complainant reported that several teenagers next door were being “loud and unruly.”
21	$30 per couple Thursdays-Sundays, 7 p.m. Continues through Nov. 5 www.wickedwayshauntedhouse@gmail.com Skin crawling insects, roaming zombies, overgrown man eating vegetation, hoards of zombies in Massive Military Zombie Containment Base.
22	31. (1) A person who gives or agrees to give or offers an advantage to another person, to cause a public officer to use his influence, real or fictitious, to obtain any work, employment, contract or other benefit from a public body commits an offence.
23	35. Canadian governments believe that it is not possible for them to compete with their competitors level of farm support.
24	37-year-old Brandie Ilene Walton and 20-year-old Philomene Rose Skinaway each face one assault count and one theft count.
25	3. Agree never to support, directly or indirectly, the Kashmir conflict in India.
26	3. Battle brings home gold for Atlanta, wins state title › Battle brings home gold for Atlanta, wins state title Alvin Battle made sure to make his final powerlifting appearance of his high school career a memorable one.
27	3. Father, grant unto me the grace to turn away from my evil ways,unto you, with a repentant heart. 4. Father,in anyway, l have fallen short of your glory,have mercy and forgive me.
28	$3M Mon Wharf trail dedicated, Route 28 trail ready for construction Pittsburgh's interconnected trail system is coming together with the completion and the construction of new portions along the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers.
29	3 Next-Level Watermelon Recipes You Have to Try Everyone loves watermelon, but this sweet fruit also has its limitations.
30	3 Terrifying Things About the Earth We're in Denial About Posted on: Nov 27, 2012, Source: TomDispatch This year's edition of the World Energy Outlook was greeted with jubilation when it revealed that the US might become top oil producer.
31	3. The City Manager and City Attorney are "let go" and the taxpayers who pay their severance packages and pensions are not allowed to know why they are fired.
32	3. Waiting to figure out how to repay If you take out loans, start making payments while in school if you can.
33	470 Child Sexual Abuse Bill pic Daily e-mail blast featuring our latest headlines.
34	4A NORTH REGION BOYS: Maumelle to play in region final Maumelle junior Derayun Canada came off the bench to keep Booneville at bay Saturday afternoon.
35	4. Contagious laughter and unspeakable joy, visit us tommorow at the appeal court sitting in Ibadan, in the name of Jesus.
36	4. Jeff Parish on board with ride- In April 2015, the Jefferson Parish Council quashed a proposal that would have allowed app-based ride-hailing services such as Lyft and Uber to operate in the parish.
37	4. You control the content, so if you misspell a name or get a number wrong, it is your own fault (but you can fix it quickly).
38	5.92m (19' 5") x 1.32m (4' 4") max Two double radiators and power points. 4.85m (15' 11") x 3.61m (11' 10") Two UPVC double glazed windows to front aspect, double radiator, TV point and power points.
39	5. EU proposes complete ban on drift-net fishing The European Union wants a complete ban by 2015 on drift-net fishing.
40	5. Insurance May Be More Affordable When leasing a car, you will likely have to purchase additional “gap” insurance.
41	66': Schweinsteiger's corner reached Mertesacker at the back post but he could not keep his header down and it passed harmlessly over the crossbar.
42	6 more electoral votes needed for Trump Goodwell Boosters near goal, prepare for new playground The Goodwell Eagles Booster Club is nearing their monetary goal for a new playground structure and equipment for Goodwell Public Schools.
43	75% of Obamacare plans in California use narrow networks, study shows A new study finds that 75% of California's Obamacare health plans have narrow physician networks -- more limited choices than all but three other states.
44	79. On 26 November 2010, the Constitutional Court of BiH ruled on a case submitted by the HDZ BiH that a number of provisions of the Mostar City Statute were unconstitutional.
45	7. Top each open bun with equal amounts of the reserved steak slices, then equal amounts of the reserved onion/pepper mix, and then equal amounts of cheese slices.
46	$8 Founded in 1890, this historical drug store still delivers pharmaceuticals, and its throwback lunch counter still offers old-fashioned milkshakes while a blazing fire fills the room with the wintery smell of Virginia trees.
47	9/11 nightmare: Terror alert from US to India on anniversary Osama bin Laden may have been shot dead but the terror legacy he has left behind, continues as US recalls the 9/11 anniversary of al-Qaeda terror attack that left hundreds dead, on Sunday.
48	9. District of Columbia 2014 South Dakota Elections Overview The open Senate seat left by Democrat Tim Johnson's retirement has given South Dakota a high national profile this election cycle.
49	9. If you could have one super power, what would it be? 10. What’s the one thing you haven’t done that you’d love to do? 11. If you could see one concert, what would it be?
50	A 10-hour ceasefire by Russian and Syrian government forces in Aleppo has come to an end, but neither the Syrian rebels nor civilians have shown signs of leaving the opposition-held city.
51	A 2012 analysis by Tufts University says if Romney had split the youth vote 50-50 in Florida, Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania he would have flipped those states to his win column.
52	A $30,000 home equity line of credit runs 4.74 percent, and a home equity loan of the same value, 4.47 percent, according to Bankrate.
53	A 32-year-old Lancaster man died Tuesday night after he was shot multiple times outside a home in the Southside community.
54	A 48th-minute strike from Sinclair set them on their way before Griffiths added a second in the 63rd minute with Greg Tansey seeing red for a second bookable foul in the build-up.
55	A 60-year-old Chase man is dead after his motorcycle was struck by a pick-up truck Sunday afternoon on the Squilax-Anglemont Highway.
56	A 6 p.m. fundraiser is planned for Aug. 30 at Lantana in Randolph.
57	A 720m loop track has been carved out on the terrace above Hokitika, paving the way for a working model locomotive line at the Westland Industrial Heritage Park.
58	A7: Yes, I am very excited to have Korean food again!
59	Aab wants to add a similar element of social responsibility to her business as well, with a focus on improving schools and increasing environmental awareness in Mozambique.
60	A: As the spokesperson for the town, I can’t pass up this opportunity to say we have “A Better Way of Life” in Apple Valley!
61	A balance of creative and less common beers with styles and flavors, as well as traditional brews, according to brewers Hickey and Shropshire.
62	Abbas: Settlements are a unilateral step taken by Israel Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday that settlements have, for decades been a unilateral step taken by Israel.
63	Abbott has always been more or less risible, where a very large section of the electorate is concerned, but he can also be formidable – even dangerous.
64	Abe visited the New York Stock Exchange and invoked “Wall Street” prince of greed Gordon Gekko to make a point about Japan’s revival — but probably not the one he had intended.
65	A bipartisan effort for reform should apply to fixing the nation's problems.
66	About 13 million residents don’t have access to water and sanitation.
67	About 30 company forms were not published due to significant amounts of incomplete or missing information, particularly 2014 highlights and 2015 plans/outlook, which are the core of the Progress Edition.
68	About 30 to 40 percent of adults say they experience frequent indigestion, and more than 50 million visits are made every year to health care facilities for symptoms related to the digestive system.
69	About 39 percent of that gain came from Hispanics, who as a group traditionally underperform for their numbers at the ballot box.
70	About 80 percent of Northwest Installation's work so far has been what are called "audits" of wireless towers.
71	About how they choose their locations, he says, “Subjectively, we pitch in our ideas.
72	About the initiatives of the Caribbean leaders, the question is how much of that is really discussed?
73	About to say something clever I had planned, I first needed to spit a large chaw of Copenhagen juice out my window.
74	About two dozen students from Centaurus and Broomfield high schools volunteer to help with the event.
75	About two years ago, I visited the Veterans Hospital in the Valley and saw an establishment that made me want to cry.
76	Above all it needs to be of interest to them and you need to keep asking yourself the question, 'Why will this interest the public?', then your chances will be increased of having the media pick up on your story.
77	Above, Main St. owner Vic Marchese with Pfalzer after presenting the prize this afternoon.
78	A brace from fellow forward Chris Bandell, who has switched to Townfield this summer from Warrington Town, completed the Villagers’ tally.
79	Academically, Hart, the daughter of Mark and Brenda Hart of Bryant, related, "I'm thinking about something in Biology but I'm not sure."
80	A cake that contains wine and chocolate and still remains whole wheat, vegan, and free of refined sugar?
81	A car wash located on the 200 Block of Second Street East, Fort Frances was also robbed of an unknown amount of currency taken from a cash box on Saturday evening.
82	Accepted norms and values do not receive conformity.
83	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:48:05 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 64729 Please fill out the form below to register for or subscribe to the website.
84	Accessed via uPVC double glazed door with decorative lead glass insert and side panel window, wood effect flooring and part glazed door leading into the entrance hall.
85	According CISCO’s Francis Woods, 50 men are being employed at the Baymen worksite and another 50 are being employed at the Newtown Barracks road.
86	Accordingly, all facilities including specialist physicians, medicine and blood have been sent to the hospitals where the injured are receiving treatment.
87	Accordingly, in Idaho, physicians can provide aid in dying.”
88	According to Anderson's remarks, legalizing physician-assisted suicide across the board would be a "grave mistake," because it would "endanger the weak and vulnerable" while complicating and corrupting the practice of medicine and betraying human dignity.
89	According to a press release issued by district officials, the student drove a vehicle to school belonging to a parent and the weapon was in that vehicle.
90	According to a report from the STAR, his representatives said that the lawmaker is backing out of the presidential race due to his diabetes.
91	According to a staff report released last week, the hike is expected to bring in an additional $27 million.
92	According to Azeri Report, Azerbaijani officials are keen to use the European Games to showcase the capital, Baku, and the country at large, just as they did in 2012 when Azerbaijan hosted the Eurovision Song Contest.
93	According to Bingham, students who donate money to Mason are investing in the value of their diploma.
94	According to Congolese national protocol, on the agenda of the visit Thursday is a lunch in honor of President Kagame and his delegation which includes in particular the Rwandan Minister of Foreign Affairs, Louise Mushiyabo.
95	According to Dysart et al fire chief Miles Maughan, 15 firefighters responded to the call on Feb. 14 at 3 p.m. to find the car fully involved and the fire spreading to the building.
96	According to executive director Michelle Hill, the new facility would also enable Empower Me to triple or quadruple the number of children it serves.
97	According to facebook.
98	According to Franch, it was difficult to come up with a plot and characters based around a joke.
99	According to him, evacuation services were on to clear the crashed chopper's rubble, and help the victims.
100	According to information on the town website, the residential tax rate dropped during the years of 2013-2015 before going back up again in 2016.
101	According to Kocharyan, the political process aimed at establishing the ceasefire inspired hope.
102	According to Leghmara, it’s also a calculated attempt at controlling not only the fund’s image, but also, in part, its execution.
103	According to Nordhaus "it is difficult to see how a successful occupation of Iraq could be less than five years, and it might easily extend for two decades.
104	According to officials, the fire started in the engine of the truck Saturday evening on the 600 block of Spring Mill Road in Bryn Mawr while the truck was returning to the station.
105	According to one economic report released in April, employers begin to complain of labor shortages when employment drops to 5%.
106	According to Paskal, by the county enacting this law, they allegedly have the power on their own to increase tax to whoever, whenever to balance their budget.
107	According to Richard Brown, District 4 commissioner and director of parks and campgrounds, “Last year, we were $20,000 to the good at the end of the season, even with the cost of utilities, maintenance, labor, and site improvements.
108	According to sources, the blast occurred on Sunday night in Khost city in a crowded road near the Chapman Camp, which houses the NATO-led Resolute Support Mission forces, Xinhua news agency reported.
109	According to sources, the workers ate chicken liver with eggs, and later suffered stomach pains and vomiting.
110	According to statistics provided by Achievement First, 98 percent of the city’s 1,910 Achievement First students are black or Latino.
111	According to Steinberg, who received word of the state’s approval at noon today, the state’s commitment had been bolstered by the town’s pledge of $1.1 million toward the project, with the remainder coming from grants and private donations.
112	According to that obviously liberal organization, the Boston Tea Party Historical Society, one solution was to bail out the corporation by offering it a government loan.
113	According to the Chess Federation of Armenia, at the tournament held in Saint Louis, Sevian scored 6 points out of 9 and was only half a point behind the champion - IM Daniel Naroditsky.
114	According to the City of Salmon Arm’s chief administrative officer Carl Bannister, the issue of the tennis court loan was moved to a special council meeting due to the anticipated length of the discussion.
115	According to the news release, it was in regards to under licensing the software programs.
116	According to the settlement agreement, the building deficiencies had impacted the Minisapoy Café’s section of the building, which they had leased from the city.
117	According to the Sexual Assault Services of Saskatchewan (SASS) website, one of every 17 Canadian women is raped at some point in her life with girls and young women between the ages of 15 and 24 being the most likely victims.
118	According to the statement of facts, on Jan. 15, 2016, Elhassan picked up Farrokh at his home in Woodbridge and drove him to a location approximately one mile from the Richmond airport.
119	According to various statistics, Arab communities are believed to have the largest rates of illiteracy in the world.
120	According to World Health Organisation in Laos, as of 12 August, there were 2,719 cases of dengue with nine deaths reported in Laos this year.
121	Accumulating pension funds are the subject of a pensions levy for the past four years and that levy will again apply in 2015 at a rate of 0.15%.
122	AccuWeather will continue to provide updates on the weekend storm potential, including the chance of snow, any wind and coastal flooding concerns.
123	A celebration of life will be held in his honor at 1 p.m. on Sunday, Nov. 4 at the Oakdale FES Hall, 190 N. Lee Ave., Oakdale.
124	A ceremony will be held for the new scholarship recipients at 10 a.m. on Thursday, August 14, at the Best Western Belize Biltmore Plaza.
125	A citizen asked if city administrators had done an Internet comparison to see if they could get a better deal.
126	Ackbar has been a cult favorite of Star Wars fans since he debuted in the 1983 film and his most notable quote from the film is, “It’s a trap!”
127	Aclan said that as investigative reporter she brought the case separately to then President Aquino and Purisima, but both did nothing to compel Shell to settle the back accounts which now total more than P100 billion, including interests and surcharges.
128	A close friend of mine was incarcerated 33 hours over and above the court ordered 15 hours and described the conditions as being deplorable with inmates sleeping on the concrete floor and having to beg the guards to take a restroom break.
129	A commonly used ingredient in nail polish remover is butyl acetate, which is also found in nail polishes.
130	A complete fire ban continues on all brush burning, open air burning on farms, and incinerator burning.
131	A comprehensive analysis of the market scenario in terms of applications, products and geography, identifies the prevailing opportunities in the world solid state transformers market.
132	A continental breakfast basket, along with a fruit, cheese and sausage platter, also is provided.
133	A couple of days later, she is lying in bed after school, staring at the ceiling, when her mother appears by her side.
134	A couple of months ago, I found a friend from 30 years ago on Facebook and, just Monday, I joined an alumni group from the junior/senior high school I attended at Subic Bay Naval Base in the Philippines.
135	A couple of pieces from the spring 2011 trend will keep many up to date.
136	A couple of top-10 finishes are certainly nothing to sneeze at, but the feeling is different this time around.
137	A court heard how they targeted pizza deliveries, taxi drivers and then a late-night market.
138	A crew of nine Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) and one medical first responder provide service to all of the residents, employees, and visitors that could require medical attention.
139	Action film maker Jackie Chan is a favourite, but Ms Banks says she isn’t into putting fight scenes in her own films.
140	Action Monday night in the State Senate that establishes three congressional seats in Hays County may speed up enactment of the redistricting of our four commissioners’ precincts.
141	Activity must never be confused with identity.
142	Actually, four tipsters had dropped his name.
143	Actually, the government that is good bedfellows with the media is not yet elected, and we must be on our guard at all times.
144	A curtain flutters in the breeze in a home originally built for the 2011 "Housing Expo" but now occupied by squatters, in Zoranje just outside of Port-au-Prince in Haiti in mid-April.
145	ACV bookings are comprised of annual maintenance and subscriptions, one seventh of the license TCV, and excludes services and subscription renewals.
146	Adams started out in the '90s with the alt-country band Whiskeytown, going solo in 2000.
147	A day didn't go by where an unfortunate wouldn't be sent back from sitting down to lunch or dinner, made to change a "too revealing" blouse or skirt.
148	Adding Ajose to our already talented frontline is exciting for all Town fans, and i'm sure he'll go on to become a key player this season.
149	Adding an old Christmas tree will make a visible hotspot that attracts fish.
150	Additionally, Clark noted, when both the skunk and raccoon were found, they showed signs of being friendly.
151	Additionally, I doubt many people run for office simply becasue they need a job and love politcs.
152	Additionally, Jewell admitted possessing 61 images of child pornography in his e-mail account, and five images of child pornography on his iPhone.
153	Additionally, many meat-eaters point out that just because one abstains from meat doesn't mean he or she will not be subject to food poisoning, as contamination can occur through produce or other food products.
154	Additionally, we’ve supported a very corrupt government, warlords and an abusive military establishment.
155	Additional raised sandstone patio to side.
156	Add kids, cupcakes, juice boxes, a few backyard games and inexpensive party favors — empty juice cans transformed into pencil holders.
157	Addressing the Press and Journal’s campaign against the closures for the first time on a visit to Glasgow, the Conservative minister failed to rule out mothballing the two north bases, leaving the fate of hundreds of jobs in the balance.
158	Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between additions.
159	Add your business » Electrician in Bradford-on-avon Unit 10a Oppenheimer Centre, Greenbridge Road, Greenbridge Industrial Estate, Swindon, SN3 3LH Electrical Contractor based in Swindon covering South West and surrounding area.
160	A Detective Sergeant with the Danbury Police Department for nearly three decades, Adam was the husband of DPZ’s own Valerie Fernand.
161	A Diller Teen Tikkun Olam Award-winner last summer, Hirschfeld, a sophomore at Columbia University, says he plans to use his $36,000 prize to expand his “Lit!
162	A disagreement is now hate as is challenging one opinions.
163	Adjusting for inflation, the money allocated for FY14 was the lowest level since FY01.
164	Admiral Blair convinced me that he couldn't easily find anyone else with these characteristics, and that I therefore had a duty to the country to volunteer, so I did.
165	Adopted children also have birth parents who love them very much.
166	Adoption inquiries can be made via e-mail to plutorescue@aol.com (Courtesy/Brad Shey) Max is a 3-year-old short hair domestic male cat.
167	Ads in the RoundAbout monthly newspaper can be purchased in any size on a 5 column by 16 inch deep page.
168	Adult elephants consume about 100 to 300 kgs (220 to 660 pounds) of food a day, studies have shown, and officials say their growing numbers are straining the impoverished country's resources and posing a threat to plant life.
169	Adults are ok, but teenagers can be hard sometimes.
170	Adults only laugh 15 to 100 times a day.
171	Advent is a period that enables us to deepen, to interiorize our faith.
172	Advice doesn't get a lot simpler than that.
173	"Advisors in the Office of Academic Advising are knowledgeable about the program and more than willing to work with and meet with students with questions, as they apply to their individualized plans," Bhimani said.
174	Aesthetics inspire you.
175	A few companies add some artistic brilliance to their designs to make the decanter a talking point for any dinner table or bar.
176	A few days after Peterson's death, Ada County Paramedics held an organization-wide meeting to talk about it.
177	A few hours later in the evening, after my errands in the city, I went back to do my shopping, and I did want to eat dates, so I went to the fridge.
178	A few hours later, she will watch the Inaugural Parade as our new President proceeds up Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House.
179	A few nice lake trout weighing up to ten pounds were brought to the dock, with most lakers coming from depths of 40 feet.
180	A few summaries from the Israeli archives examined by Mr. Anziska: “By Sept. 16, the I.D.F. was fully in control of West Beirut, including Sabra and Shatila.
181	A few try to improve speaker output, but this does little to change the sound coming out of a headphone jack.
182	Affordable and low income housing Here’s how to give input on Long Beach’s housing crunch Apartment buildings of the Pike mingle with high-rises in the background.
183	AFL hopes for top level Indigenous umpire in 3-5 years The AFL has acknowledged its umpiring ranks suffer from a lack of diversity.
184	A forced unity of Sudan would be more blessing to those who have their special interest in the united Sudan.
185	A former flour mill on the island of Giudecca, the hotel is magnificent, with its high ceilings, views of the lagoon from the best rooms, a rooftop pool and top-notch restaurants.
186	A former hospital has been listed on the market long after being transformed into a breathtaking manor in the heart of Junee.
187	A four-story amenity complex called the Villa Acqualina — complete with movie theater, bowling alley and ice skating rink — is still on track to open alongside the condos in 2020.
188	A free trip to California wasn’t bad, either.
189	African civil society should be aware that the crisis of governance and democratic practice in Zimbabwe is not an isolated issue – it’s actually a global problem.
190	African thinkers are proving incapable of inventions as they diagnose African problems and prescribe solutions using European terms and lens of thought.
191	A friend called 911, the ambulance rushed him to hospital, and the doctors discovered a subdermal hematoma — bleeding near the brain.
192	A friend of mine defined a hero as someone who faces every day with a commitment to do his personal best.
193	After 10 years, the local dream-pop duo had reached a new peak and its fifth record soared, theatrical and dazzling as ever.
194	After 24 hours, I asked a friend if he could open my car door.
195	After a brief stint with modelling, Deepika started receiving film offers.
196	After a few more numbers, the Sirens invited guest performers the Mental Notes, an a cappella group that performs song parodies, to the stage, where they performed Rob Cantor’s “Shia LaBeouf” as well as parodied songs from the movie Frozen.
197	After a four-hour search, 10-year old Idris Hussein and 11-year old Ahmed Hashi were found in shallow water.
198	After a freeze last year, university officials are stressing that the increase is one of the smallest percentage hikes in 41 years.
199	After a half-century of war, the country has signed a peace agreement with the largest rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).
200	After all, Earth is so unimaginably small in a universe that is unimaginably big.
201	After all, it’s not like CSGV has the NRA’s ear, but Everitt seemed to think otherwise.
202	“After an autopsy, the medical examiner determined the manner of death was a homicide,” said Kyle Evans, public information officer for the Police Department.
203	After another lunch of delicious homemade soups and sandwiches, this time at Rika's Roadhouse, we tried on fur jackets and vests made from authentic Alaskan animals.
204	After a report last year by the University of Indiana concluded providing information alone changed student borrowing habits, M.U. conducted further research.
205	After a shot deflected off of her and toward the middle of the box, redshirt senior goalkeeper Chandler Morris made an unbelievable one-handed save as Oregon's redshirt junior midfielder Maryn Beutler attempted to score off the volley.
206	After a snowy first five days of February when 15.4 inches of snow fell at a weather station 1.1 miles east of the city, the snow shut down for days at a time.
207	After a visit to the potential site on the edge of Camperdown Park, off Liff Road, councillors expressed positive views about its location — in particular the secluded area.
208	After Bluefield scored two runs in the fourth to move ahead 4-1, K-Met third baseman Franklin Correa booted Nash Night’s grounder allowing two more runs to score that turned out to be the difference in the game.
209	After boot camp I was stationed in San Francisco for a short time and then transferred to the Farallon Islands off the San Francisco Bay.
210	After careful consideration, the Reporter recommends a no vote on Sound Transit 3. We do so for two reasons.
211	After committing an armed robbery of a bank in Orléans, he was sentenced to six years in prison and was sent to Fleury-Mérogis.
212	After doing some research and scouring the travel blog-osphere we decided on this beautiful Central American destination.
213	After finishing a close second in the race for three council seats, he looked forward to becoming the next Green mayor of Santa Monica.
214	After forcing the Indians to punt the ball away on their first possession of the game, Fox Lane took over at its own 34-yard line and began moving the chains.
215	After 'fraudulent' deal, county judge says others might handle sheriff's grants.
216	After fulfilling the commitment the Company can enter into a Second Exploration Period (four years) or, apply for an Evaluation Period for 5 years.
217	After giving a visual translation to Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, Howard is yet again infusing life to his popular Inferno.
218	After graduating with a marketing degree from Bentley College in Boston, one of her projects was starting several fabric businesses that were more related to women and building customized purses and pocket books.
219	After graduating with the highest honors in an elementary school in his hometown, he landed at the then-gangland of Pritil, Tondo, to pursue high school.
220	After Hamas’s electoral victory in January, American Friends of Peace Now, Israel Policy Forum and Brit Tzedek v’Shalom came together in an ad-hoc coalition to shield the Hamas-led Palestinian Authority from Congressional sanctions.
221	After Las Vegas detectives conferred with Ventura County Sheriff’s Investigators, Volpe was held without bail at the Clark County Detention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada on a charge of being a fugitive from another state.
222	After leaving active duty, Buck joined the Air Force Reserves, where she directs operations for the 380 Space Control Squadron.
223	After living at New Hope Village for many years, in 2005 George moved to Regency Park Nursing Home in Carroll, where he had countless friends.
224	After living in the U.S. for 11 years, the Vander Wals are still working on gaining U.S. citizenship.
225	'After my first recital when I was all of 5 years old, I knew I wanted to perform.
226	After obliterating America's air force, they began their overwhelming land offensive.
227	After off-the-record discussions, she even allowed them to record her making damning statements against Kocontes.
228	After only 16-weeks of schooling, the 2016 kindergarten students paid little attention to their onlookers completing their classroom activities with confidence, as well as demonstrating their Smartboard skills.
229	After organizing smaller conferences in the 1960s, Graham saw the need for a larger, more diverse gathering of Christian leaders.
230	After passing screening, patient is placed on recipient list for a kidney.
231	After people think about the project another meeting will be called in the new year.
232	After persuading the gentle gullible birds into letting down their guard, the invaders steal every egg on the island and then set sail for home.
233	After photos and autographs, he will participate in a Q&A at 3:30 p.m. Saturday.
234	After police released information and images of the event, tips from the public helped them identify a suspect, who was arrested in Toronto Aug. 15. William Babineau, 29, of Toronto, is charged with robbery.
235	After Proposition 98 and fulfilling that promise, how much does that leave for higher education?
236	After sandbags were placed around the house and everybody left, DeStefano said she had a feeling it would be the last time she saw her mother.
237	After selecting the best contestants by providing intensive Grooming session will be mentored to the contestants by professionals before the Next Rounds.
238	After several months of discussions and In other actions the court approved the 2014 Tax Appraisal budget.
239	“After she passed away, I figured someone local would step up to do this, but that didn’t happen."
240	'After she was released and changed her name to Mary Brown, she got a job at Sloane Maternity Hospital.
241	After signing with the Oilers, Benik watch four games and played in four and said that experience helped him.
242	After the drone controversy in 2013, the Seattle City Council passed a surveillance ordinance designed to put an end to this cycle.
243	After the fakes are exchanged into the host country's currency, the money is exchanged again into real U.S. dollars.
244	After the fall of Haile Selassie, the US was unwilling to hastily deliver arms to Ethiopia as it felt threatened by the orientation of the popular uprising.
245	After the first Ankara bombing in October 2015, which killed more than 100 and injured more than 400 people, it took President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu four days to visit the scene.
246	After the founder’s death the club fell upon hard times.
247	After the initial development through the 1980s, funding began flowing for the shipyard site in the form of $25 million of federal economic disaster relief after the wood pulp mill in nearby Ward Cove closed in 1997.
248	After the painting of the saw blade was completed, Rudy added three coats of sprayed shellac to protect the imagery.
249	After the Pledge of Allegiance, the Mayor asked for a moment of silence to remember two residents who had passed away recently.
250	After the program, the lights were turned off and the fireworks began.
251	“After the rain delay we came out just a little flat.
252	After the release, the band has been gaining great buzz from touring in support of Allstar Weekend and All Time Low.
253	After the removal of 15 million dollars in funding over the past few years to go to other state agencies, five state parks had to close this past year.
254	After the shooting took place, she said she wished there could have been a conversation with Felix.
255	After the split with Mears, Defoe is reported to be dating Mears fellow model Danielle Lloyd.
256	After this, Transport Canada introduced regulations that restrict a specific area from motor boat traffic.
257	After Tony Rosselli reached base on an error, Thatcher Coleman followed with an one out… Steamers take DH split at Holly Springs HOLLY SPRINGS — The Edenton Steamers began an extended road trip with a doubleheader split at Holly Springs on Thursday night.
258	After trying several tricks, I gave up and called a repairman.
259	After years of growing and selling organic produce in Shawnee, 82-year-old Warren Messinger isn’t slowing down.
260	A further 85 of the older diesel buses will be retrofitted with advanced catalytic converters which significantly reduce pollution outputs.
261	Again, a life changing experience for Jean.
262	Again, I don't know, I wasn't there.
263	Against one of the state’s top teams, Rantoul had a great showing.
264	A global media company in central London are currently recruiting a temporary credit control position Your new company This media company is very successful within the market across the UK.
265	A goal would have been no more than the Socceroos deserved, even at that early stage, but four minutes later they found themselves behind after a lightning Dutch breakaway.
266	A graveside service will be held at 2 p.m. Saturday, May 30, in the North Elba Cemetery, Old Military Road, Lake Placid.
267	A great gift for someone else - or, if you ask Santa nicely - they may just appear under your tree.
268	A great help to me when I started out in newspapers.
269	A group of 200 employees arrived at 5:30 PM at the railroad track segment between Tel Aviv and Hertzlia, and started to take it apart.
270	A handgun was recovered from the vehicle and Dhein was found to be the sole occupant.
271	A Hardin County band will perform Friday at The Historic State Theater in downtown Elizabethtown.
272	A hearing on the motions to dismiss the indictment against Menendez and Melgen is scheduled for Sept. 17 before U.S District Judge William H. Walls in federal court in Newark.
273	Ahmadiyya Caliph says new mosques will be open to people of all religions The spiritual leader of the world’s Ahmadiyya Muslims says the new mosques in Saskatoon and Regina..
274	Ahmeti said the group had contacted him on the day, as the clashes started, but by then it was too late for him to prevent an escalation.
275	A huge – and potentially disruptive – challenge to both wired and wireless phone services is the improving quality and reliability of making calls via the internet.
276	A hugepandal would come up on the football field, very geometric and functional.
277	AIA-DC’s executive director Mary Fitch described how little planning went into the design of the late 19th-century District.
278	A: I don’t think a 0.25 point reduction will have an immediate huge impact, but I think it is the first step in a very good direction.
279	A: I do studio for college football, and the (national) semifinals and national championship.
280	A I have said and written a lot aabout BOKO HARAM.
281	AIPMC President Datuk Zaid Ibrahim said "I would like ASEAN to take one more step, and expel Myanmar from the association."
282	A: "I went down the traditional route of getting an agent who was fantastic and we worked a bit on the book together.
283	AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Man arrested after wearing clown outfit at Walmart A man caught wearing a scar clown outfit says he meant no harm.
284	AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Parole board denies clemency for man convicted in cop's killing Gregory Lawler was sentenced to death in 2000 for the murder of an Atlanta police officer nearly 20 years ago.
285	Akkeem Foster led Winslow and all scorers with 18 points.
286	Alaina Holm is in charge of the PBJ/peanut butter and jelly drive.
287	Alan and Diane Pinkham are the proud parents of Ashley Pinkham, who received her Bachelor of Science Degree in Biology with a minor in Chemistry on May 22, 2010, from Plymouth State University.
288	Alan Brody, a spokesman for Franchot, said Tuesday that the comptroller had not heard about the school board's move.
289	A landlord might also have to pay for utilities – power, water, sewer, trash collection, cable TV -- especially if the property will be rented by the week to vacationers.
290	A large Metropolitan Transit Service bus yard, a brewery and the Wonderbread building are located nearby.
291	A large share of bank profits goes back into local communities.
292	A lawyer for the Fraser Valley Regional District criticized Kinder Morgan Canada for failing to account for a key pollutant when assessing the health affects of a twinned Trans Mountain Pipeline.
293	Albert Lea runner Autumn Muilenburg beat Pavich for the top individual spot (20:08).
294	Alcohol a factor in early morning accident A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old girl suffered head injuries when their vehicle hit a retaining wall on South McLane Road early this morning.
295	AL.com reporters Dennis Pillion and Carol McPhail explain how the multi-billion dollar fines stemming from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill will work.
296	Aldermaston-based company Pump Technology have been the player sponsor for Treviranus for the last couple of seasons.
297	A leader cannot operate in a vacuum, but instead must represent the wishes of the people and work to constantly keep the people informed and abreast to the direction and decision that have been entrusted to that leader.
298	A least one year of full-time police communications experience in operating telephones, radio consoles, and computer terminals to receive, record, and transmit police communications.
299	Alex achieved three A* and five As, Harvey achieved 11 A* and one A grade, while Jacob achieved four A grades.
300	Alexey Gotovskiy/CNA Suffering was Mother Teresa’s companion, her clandestine treasure and her sweet link to Jesus.
301	Alexis died in Los Angeles surrounded by all of her family as they serenaded her with a rendition of David Bowie’s ‘Starman’.
302	Alex Muschong led the Blue Streaks with five blocks and Linzie Hahn had four.
303	Alex Nogales, president of the National Hispanic Media Coalition, which has fought for years to get the networks to diversify, says he's preparing a letter that he will send to the network this week.
304	Alex said Maine could fill that need, as it is the largest barley-producing state in the Northeast, and also is a large producer of small grains like wheat, rye and oats that are used to make malt.
305	Alfred Olango, a 38-year-old Ugandan refugee who friends say came to the U.S. over 20 years ago, was killed following a confrontation with police officers in the middle of the day in a public parking lot along a busy street.
306	Alfred retired from this business in the 80’s and began his second venture, collecting and selling antiques in their home shop, and Brimfield antique flea markets.
307	Ali appeared on the Today show with Gumbel, and the two were personal friends.
308	Alice Cooper coming to Penticton Shock rock pioneer Alice Cooper is coming to the South Okanagan Events Centre.
309	Ali Qureshi (New Mexico), Mr. A. Razzack (Germany), Prof. Warsi (University of California at Berkeley).
310	A little later, another candy maker, Enoch James, began to produce better (he refined the making process), bite-sized pieces of the same candy.
311	A little spring eight-months was sold at Producers of Del Rio at 49 to 51½ cents.
312	A little thin skinned, Hook moderator?
313	All ambulatory services are smartly designed to ensure quick access to interventional services.
314	All apps are subject to final review by the company before they can go live to ensure compliance with its platform policy.
315	All are great for cutting and attract butterflies.
316	All candidates agreed that Paulden should be the site of the next school built in the district with Romeny adding, "We may need to start looking at another high school as well."
317	All claims should be presented to said Guardian care of his Attorney of Record: Robert M. Brownrigg, Attorney at Law, 1405 Belle Place, Fort Worth, Texas 76107.
318	All documents are delivered to clients in their original local languages, or can be translated into any other language on special request.
319	Allegations made by people in other counties can only be handled by prosecutors in those jurisdictions.
320	All evidence is to the contrary, according to her family and many U.S. officials and private hostage negotiators familiar with details of her case.
321	All grandparents attending are also entered for a prize.
322	All her life, Strom has been a photographer, but it wasn’t until 2000 when she became professional, she said.
323	All human beings are created by God.
324	"Allie is an awesome player," Makaric said.
325	Alligator Energy chairman John Main is doing his best to change all of that with the company unveiling some “game-changing’’ technology to sniff out large uranium deposits under cover.
326	Allman Brothers lived and breathed in the ’Deep South’, their treatment of the musical legacy is more authentic, more clearly associated with its soil.
327	All Nigerians including our President know that to be false, but are probably too scared to rock the boat by telling the truth.
328	All of her “peculiar” children have superhuman powers – among them the gifts of flight, re-animation, and pyrokinesis – and are in hiding from hideous blind creatures called Hollows who have blades for arms and tentacles in their throats.
329	• All of our electric, cable, phone and equipment will be underground and concealed and will not be a hazard for animals.
330	All of the cues and directions have been set up beforehand, but nothing happens without Peters.
331	All of the current student centres – the URPride Centre, the Womens’ Centre, the Carillon, EWB, WUSC – all of them face losing their funding year after year.
332	“All of them have strong programs in Latin American art, public art, and mural art,” says Dosch.
333	All of the overhead wires?
334	All of the places she had visited were designated on the map, from the Arctic Circle to Antarctica and many points in between.
335	All people were asking during two lengthy meetings was to return..
336	All proceeds from ROCK THE MISSION will go to support St. Paul’s Youth Mission Trip to serve the people of Tennessee’s Cumberland Mountains through Mountain T.O.P. (Tennessee Outreach Project).
337	All-Region award winners from Mingus announced With graduation just around the corner, spring athletics at Mingus Union High School have come to a close but there were a few individuals nominated for All-State and All-Region awards that need recognition.
338	“All seniors always want to go out on a win.”
339	All skill levels are welcome to join the clubs.
340	"All supply constraints have been sorted.
341	All That Man Is, by David Szalay Shortlisted for the Man Booker prize, this collection of stories portrays a variety of men as they grapple with different stages of life and with the physical and emotional terrain of an increasingly globalized Europe.
342	All that, plus it is Hawaii.
343	“…All the noise and equipment they use does scare the fish away but we can’t do anything about it.
344	All these characters visit Dino-Land for an adventure which makes this movie more attractive than its previous ones.
345	All these new businesses went after the main-street property and installed a drive-through window for everything from dry cleaning to veggie wraps.
346	All these territories are clearly marked as a warning.
347	All the teams at this tournament are good; you just have to take your chances when you have them.
348	"All they can manage is a little conflict, and they will lose.
349	All they wanted was the provision of a matching name and address for verification in the electoral roll.
350	All this and you’ve never seen them live?
351	All this is to say: there’s nothing like live music, though it’s easy to forget about how awesome it is in our media saturated (half) lives.
352	All three defendants, who had appealed for a lenient sentence, changed their appeals at this trial and said they pleaded not guilty.
353	All vehicles illegally parked on a snow emergency route that hasn't been touched yet will be towed at the owner's expense.
354	All village amenities are within easy reach of the property, including train station with direct route to Glasgow, schools, local independent shops and supermarket.
355	All white people benefit from white privilege, whether we want to or not.
356	All women are invited to participate and cheer on the girls as they take part in their first 5K at the event.
357	All yard sale items must be received in advance so they can be displayed properly.
358	All you have to do your make-up dark and gothic, snap a pic and donate what you can by texting SOPH05£(your amount) to 70070.
359	Almost 1 million people travel to London by train every weekday - and commuters are used to hearing a wide array of excuses for the frequent delays.
360	“Almost 50 per cent of Lake Victoria has been taken over.
361	Almost unstoppable inside, the 6-foot junior forward averaged 17.0 points, 11.4 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.5 steals, helping the Braves win the third-place trophy at state.
362	"Al-Najdi was taken to the hospital and pronounced dead on arrival.
363	Along the way you will find lots of bass holes just begging for some topwater action.
364	Along with a long list of imported wines, beers and liquors, Bambino's specializes in Italian food.
365	” Along with having different builds, the offenses that the Will and the Indians run now contrasts a lot from the one Marty led three decades ago.
366	Along with other friends, the duo are putting together a lemonade stand and bake sale Saturday at Wal-Mart.
367	Along with photographer Brace Hemmelgarn, they make a good team.
368	A lot of bias in India can be dissipated, if we get this message across to our kids.
369	"A lot of guys would love to see this race continue and have an opportunity to race to the Chase," said Earnhardt.
370	A lot of them you can get in a six-month or a nine-month training package.
371	A lot of things are happening fast out there but I think he has handled himself well.
372	A love-filled life is full of small but deliberate acts that habitually put one's spouse first in one's life.
373	A low-income individual or family can apply to buy a foreclosed home with a standard mortgage and may qualify for a forgivable grant of up to $30,000.
374	A low risk exists for well users in the area.
375	Alrai, in Cephei, will be become the northern celestial pole around 3000 AD.
376	Already, certain buildings on the grounds of the federal landmark employ solar power, courtesy of the National Park Service and President George W. Bush.
377	Also absent from the airwaves earlier this year were images of hardliners who packed the funeral of executed assassin Mumtaz Qadri, hailing him a hero for killing a governor who advocated reforming Pakistan’s draconian blasphemy laws.
378	Also arriving: The CW series “The 100: Season 3” and, for kids, the Netflix original shows “World of Winx: Season 1,” “Danger Mouse: Season 2,” “Beat Bugs: Season 2” and “All Hail King Julien: Season 4.” Unlimited Digital Access.
379	Also closed are Montana 16 from Sidney to 18 miles northwest of Sidney; Montana 16 from Froid to Plentywood; Montana Seven from Ekalaka to Wibaux, and Highway 323 from Ekalaka to a point 24 miles south.
380	Also, consider tipping parking, coat check, and powder room attendants ahead of time, too, and instruct them to refuse tips from guests: “Thanks, I’m already covered.”
381	Also: Eagle baseball sends Bulldogs packing Another week has gone by and nothing has changed at the top of the Sun Belt men’s basketball standings.
382	Also, I hope Romney gets elected so you get to pay more taxes.
383	Also included, is a provision requiring a Crowder faculty representative to serve on SMSU's teacher education governing body, the Professional Educational Unit.
384	Also in Next Eats, Disney chefs have partnered with The Chew for the Chew Lab, a food-science-meets-culinary-tech experience showcasing curious fare like Liquid Nitro Chocolate Almond Truffle with Warm Whiskey Caramel.
385	Also in stock: Italian Cosi Tabellini pewter, "which is food safe."
386	Also, I relied on configurations on some Beechjets listed for sale on the web for seating capacity of that plane.
387	Also killed was Paul Gilkey's son, Leroy Gilkey, 38, of Columbus.
388	Also, more often than not, the fingers of devout Beatles fans begin to point accusingly in different directions, each seeking the "real" reason that the Beatles broke up in the first place.
389	Also, more than 10 million of those prescriptions are handed out to children for no clear reason.
390	Also, much of the dialogue and much of what’s seen on the screen probably didn’t happen.
391	Also on the agenda is a discussion of how the government and tech companies can “help others to create, publish, and amplify alternative content that would undercut” the Islamic State.
392	Also survived by her step son and daughter, Gordon and Janice. 6 grandchildren and 3 great-grandchildren, with one on the way.
393	Also, the square footage of the housing will include many three- and four-bedroom units from 1,100 to 1,369 square feet.
394	Also, tickets are sometimes returned to the Music Center box office the night before the concert.
395	Also troubling is that big-box retailers, the main customers of Newell and Jarden, have been posting lackluster results, Meyer said.
396	Also, watch for an exhibit on the Exposition at the Oregon Historical Society next year.
397	Alternatively, you can email us or call us on (03) 8623 9900 History of start up bros' meninist thinking The Brisbane start up bros who want to work without any women around have connections to pick up artist culture.
398	Although 2011-12 saw a 14.4 percent drop in state aid from $11.4 million in 2010-11 to $9.8 million, state appropriations have recently been on the mend, as they grew to $10.1 million in 2012-13, and to $10.4 million this year.
399	Although a few swans had wintered in this area previously, DNR Conservation Officer Brian Mies said this year, he counted up to 48 swans using the channel.
400	Although BC has won three of their last four games, they lost a crucial one to a struggling West L.A. team (6-27, 2-16 WSC South) 12-4 on April 16 after defeating them just two days before, 9-5.
401	Although Godfrey-Hill provided the numbers for two cellphones he used at the time, police concluded those numbers were inaccurate.
402	Although ironically Angula was not on good terms with the Swapo Youth League at the time, his suggestion that younger leaders could take over would be welcomed among their ranks.
403	Although Otter Point has an estimated population of almost 2,000, it does not have a locally elected government that makes decisions about its land use planning.
404	Although our Federal and State governments have some great programs and benefits for veterans, they are, at times, jealously guarded by bureaucracy and law.
405	Although Santino Fontana, as Algernon Moncrieff, sails through the play with a perpetual smirk on his face, his performance dutifully reflects the character’s constant state of well-mannered self-satisfaction.
406	Although such a finding confirms that bed bugs had been present previously, it does not confirm that any continue to infest the residence.
407	Although the bank grants credit at its discretion, ultimately you decide how much credit you are willing to accept, according to your appetite for credit and risk.
408	Although the event is a bit far at the town of Oyster Bay Golf Course in Woodbury, people are encouraged to come celebrate, honor and support those affected by lung cancer.
409	Although the Gator girls gave it a good try, the Red Devil ladies outperformed their cross-town rivals by a large margin.
410	Although the other police chiefs have not committed to implementing the review board for promotions within their own departments, Sharp sees this as an opportunity for Patton Village to be an example for other departments in the area.
411	Although the programs are beneficial to a lot of people in need, it sometimes can create a dependency for them, and people begin to lean on them, instead of using them when they are truly in need.
412	Although the push to privatize Colorado’s public lands is not a popular position among the state’s residents, Sens.
413	Although they’d been through the U.S. for a summer tour … New acoustic singer/songwriter, Hemming, has broken through the barrier between basement band and sensational songstress.
414	Although used for personal dominance and not team victory, bullies use much the same approach.
415	Although winter weather hasn’t arrived, the holiday season can be seen and felt at the Christmas Tree Walk hosted by First Baptist Church at The Beacon in Waterloo, 718 North Market Street, this Friday through Monday.
416	A luncheon was held on July 30 at the Hess Club to commemorate the occasion.
417	Always looking to reduce property taxes while maintaining excellent county services for the taxpayers.
418	Always pack your backpack with the heaviest items closest to your back.
419	Alyssa also wanted to thank all her sponsors leading up to the national competition.
420	Alzheimer’s disease, dementia screenings slated Thursday Free memory screenings for those experiencing early signs of Alzheimer’s disease or dementia will take place from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday at The Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea.
421	Amanda Off, who graduated from Unadilla Valley high school in 2013, now finds herself continuing her success on the basketball court and in the classroom at Alfred University.
422	A man who had gone to the house to ask that a car be moved from his brother’s driveway told the newspaper there were more than 100 people in the house and yard and that a DJ was playing music.
423	A marine engineer by profession, he was highly qualified to serve on a team of experts who traveled to Haiti after its devastating January earthquake to study the damages it had caused to harbor structures at Port-au-Prince.
424	A May 26, 2012, wedding is planned at St. Paul the Apostle Church in Calumet.
425	Amazon squashes Trump trolls' attacks on Megyn Kelly book Some of the one-star reviews poked fun at Trump and his victory despite losing the popular vote, saying they were stuck with the ornament even though they didn't choose it.
426	"Ambiguity makes it hard to prosecute."
427	A member of the Franco-American Post, he enjoyed sharing good times, fun and laughs with the Anvets membership.
428	A memorial celebration will be held at The Sportsman’s Club on January 9th, 1pm – 6pm.
429	A memorial service was held at 3 p.m. on Saturday, March 1, 2014, at the House of Prayer in Wewoka, with Rev. Johnny Chesser officiating.
430	A memorial service will be held at The Church in Aurora on Sunday, November 15, 2015 at 12:30 PM.
431	Americans are not in the business of letting our foreign policy get dictated to us by savages.
432	Americans have been so thoroughly brainwashed by the two-party system of Tweedledum-Tweedledee politics that they have lost sight of what might be good for the people as a society: the well-being of the commons.
433	America’s Double Standards in Dealing with Child Soldiers (SMC): There is a worrisome increase in the use of child soldiers in armed conflict in South Sudan, and the increased focus on the issue in the western media.
434	America’s military is doing just fine as a volunteer force.
435	America, which politically and militarily supports Israel and shields it blindly in international forums is equally responsible for the disabled Shaikh’s cold-blooded murder.
436	AmeriCorps, will host two five-week creative writing workshops at the Frostburg Public Library.
437	Am I doomed to solo sex forever?
438	Amid the closures, Fresh & Easy spokespeople remained adamant that their plans to open shop in Claremont was still “a go.”
439	“A Mighty Fortress Is Our Basement” runs through Nov. 27 at the Fallon House in Columbia.
440	A minimum basic fee could be provided to the central government- what is called reverse revenue sharing, e.g., 10 per cent.
441	Amiri Baraka stood only 5’7”, but he left such huge footprints to step in. We just need to read the many instruction manuals he’s penned down through the ages, we’ll have more than enough training and information to go forward to empowerment.
442	A MISSING teen, a murder investigation and then an arrest.
443	Amitabh said: "I'm in talks with him for 'Sarkar 3', we'll be sitting on the script and it's possible that he'll start it soon."
444	Among his primary changes was introducing a little league team sponsored by MMCC.
445	Among his survivors is a son, Alphonza Kornegay of Goldsboro.
446	Among many other things, the conference will also feature five or more workshops and 10 or more poster presentation There will be a Pre-Conference Symposia April 4 from 10 a.m. – 8 p.m. at the Anchorage Museum.
447	Among other things, it would be another benchmark in Jones’ brick-by-brick rebuilding of UT football.
448	Among the appropriations discussed at the meeting was the Club Budgets for the 2009-2010 year.
449	Among the inhibiting factors, the student said, were the nonrefundable $160 fee for a visa application and a lengthy application process for Israelis in the sciences.
450	Among the many adventures are the seven years he spent trapping wolves for research purposes in Minnesota.
451	Among them, Tavenner told the site, was general increases in medical costs, as well as boosts in the prices of prescription drugs.
452	Among the priorities for collaboration between VUMC and Jennie Stuart are cardiovascular and cardiology services, cancer services, walk-in clinics and telemedicine.
453	Among the Tacoma Fresh employees is Mariah Aspuria.
454	A muslim man came in and asked if I could recommend a good port.
455	Amway Coaches Poll stock watch: Michigan moves to No. 2; Ohio State tumbles But at the end of the day, what’s the case Strong can make right now to stay for another season?
456	Ana Burch added eight and Nailah Davis scored seven with six rebounds to pace Stanislaus.
457	An accountant from now-defunct accounting firm Sherb & Co audited the company’s reports in the year after the acquisition and failed to thoroughly investigate the financial statements, according to the cease-and-desist order.
458	An active member of professional organizations, Staten serves on the board of the National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers and Student Mentor Partners, which offers disadvantaged youth the opportunity to realize their career goals.
459	“An added bonus for us is the number of Alaskan riders featured in the film, including Lucas Merli of Juneau and Ryland Bell from Elfin Cove and Fairbanks.
460	An additional benefit of this project is to centralize as many county services into one area as possible, the board members agreed.
461	An ad on TV features an insurance company distinguishing itself as not only assigning a number to the policy holder but also knowing the story of the individual and holding her dream in trust.
462	An affidavit says Schell's son, Roman, was hurt after a sack containing "several improvised explosive devices" blew up in his lap.
463	Analysis by the liberal think-tank Centre Forum has shown that an increase in the personal allowance would benefit households higher up the income distribution (the 6-9th decile benefit most) far more than it would the poorest third of households.
464	Analysts and industry executives say questions are growing over the future of at least the civil version of the Super Puma, which makes up 80 percent of the total, but Airbus says it has no plans to abandon the 18-year-old program.
465	Analysts polled by Reuters had expected a $25 billion surplus for last month.
466	Analysts say her anger is genuine, though also politically profitable, for Rousseff faces a competitive re-election campaign next year.
467	An annual fee is not charged.
468	An ARM can be an excellent choice if the homeowner who is planning on owning a home for ten years or less.
469	An art display featuring an image of a Ku Klux Klan member is raising concern for some W. Frank Steely Library visitors.
470	A Native American spirit of peace stands between them; his open palms steady their hostility with calming reassurance.
471	An attorney for the Wild Fish Conservancy says that will give the sides more time to work out a settlement or for a judge to decide the merits of the case.
472	An audio DJ for celebrations that are small might just deal with examples and equipment of his function.
473	An awkward silence followed before the moderator announced they were moving on to the next question.
474	And Acting Commissioner of Police Tyrone Griffith says while there were nine domestic violence homicides in 2013 and three in 2014, there are none so far this year.
475	And after a 2-1 victory against St. Viator April 16 during the Pepsico Showdown at Olympic Park in Schaumburg, the Lincoln-Way East stalwart can now say something else.
476	And along the Ship Channel are refineries and chemical plants that make up the nation’s largest refining and petrochemical complex.
477	And although I know it’s naïve to think so, I sometimes like to imagine that our group is reflective of how Christians normally operate.
478	And as a result of practicing that way of seeing for 87 years, Veronica developed a resemblance to God.
479	And, as dusk descends on the 1859 Gothic Revival style front addition, the light is often truly golden, as captured in this photograph.
480	And at fourth doubles, Ward Urban and Hunter Baldwin made a great pair, winning 6-3, 6-4.
481	And at least some of us are the people who do it.
482	And at the end of the day, we’re doing this for business reasons.
483	And Bali due to its spiritual depth and richness.
484	“And by 4:30, we had a group of folks walk through the door,” he said.
485	And despite AN ENTIRE WEEK of rehearsal, she offers nothing new, at all.
486	And don’t allot a lot of time to these tasks.
487	“And don’t forget, you pay the house off in half the time,” he added.
488	And Doug, even tho Mayor Burt is being termed out as mayor and councilman, (one in which he has served our community with distinction for years), we have several capable CC members that can fill that breach very well.
489	"(Anderson) being able to play the way he did under those circumstances, you have to give him so much credit.
490	And every day there was something to see - the birds and butterflies and wallabies, snakes, goannas and more on the land, or the rays and sharks and dugong and fish and winter whales either close inshore or well out in the bay.
491	And faculty members at the Cookeville Higher Education Campus have been pleased with the results so far since a pilot program involving Van Wagoner kicked off in the fall 2014.
492	And films obviously aren’t new to the idea of sequels/follow-ups either.
493	And, for the first time since Roe, the Court blesses a prohibition with no exception safeguarding a woman’s health.
494	And for them, it was good.
495	And for the moment at least, this was foreign enough even for Sietsema.
496	And Georgia is reaping the benefits of that also.
497	And having worked with such young men and women, I can assure people these young people do not want to emulate the yakuza or any other such nonsense.
498	And he grew up always wanting to help others.
499	And helping him do this is software created by MBF Bioscience in Williston.
500	' And he said Mr. Reagan had been responsible ''for a fairly pronounced slowing'' in the growth of social benefit programs.
501	And he said that St George’s had also lost the economic lifeline of cruise ships, while Dockyard had expanded to cope with larger ships.
502	And he stressed that Rivera- Soto, whose appointment is subject to confirmation by the state Senate, is highly qualified by any standard.
503	And hot damn does she look good!
504	Andhra Pradesh has integrated these functions under the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd, while Gujarat has a less efficient structure with an infrastructure board and a number of SPVs with sectoral departments instead of a single window."
505	And, Humanity is expected to tolerate these rogues and work for their survival!
506	And I am hoping that you know at the Tianjin Juilliard School, we will have these values and we will have these programs actually functioning.
507	And I don’t think there was any real explanation for sending me home.
508	And if he does will it be for love, or for her arrest?
509	And if nobody hates you, you are doing something wrong.”
510	“And if you don’t apply that discipline, your cost structure can get out of hand pretty quickly.”
511	And if you have talented legs, kickers are in demand.
512	… And if you’re both beginners, you can share that learning experience together.”
513	And I’m going with Carol because Phyllis Nagy's screenplay is just so damned beautiful.
514	And in a case like Winnenden, they are failing an entire city, and an entire country.
515	And in my first week, I did exactly that!
516	And in some cases these cough and cold medicines are potentially harmful.
517	And I suspect the vast majority of the local population -- black and white, if that matters -- has no idea that that is the model -- the socialist one -- that he's bringing to City Hall.
518	And it has to be said that he's endowed with many qualities that give him a decided advantage over many of his rivals.
519	"And I think it was for all the right reasons.
520	And it’s all going into the show.
521	And it’s already being done anyway.
522	And it’s been hard and it’s been painful.
523	And it’s clear, during the curtain call, that this is deep internal work for Michel.
524	“And it seems to me somewhat ironic that we would be turning around a year later -- less than a year later -- and potentially passing a piece of legislation that would legalize suicide.”
525	And it stands firmly on the side of the Okies.
526	And it stars two of the industry’s most prominent online news..
527	And it wasn't just the schedule that was exhausting - the work itself was as well.
528	“And I was like, yeah!”
529	And later he came there but Mr. Islamuddin boycotts the event with his entire administration and later on tells me that he regretted the grant given by UC Nazim.
530	“And make sure to get your customers to believe in you.”
531	And Mayor Bloomberg threatened the exact same thing, grade senators on their anti gun stance.
532	And modern monoculture farming—especially on the huge scale that we see now throughout the world—disrupts these fungal networks and the healthy plant life that they help cultivate.
533	And my brother knew someone who could make rings out of them.
534	And New York Knicks star forward Carmelo Anthony’s foundation, which had backed a recreational facility proposed for the redeveloped armory site, pulled out of the deal in the face of pressure from community groups.
535	And no doubt, President Obama will sit down with either candidate (and Europe will follow suit) given the realization that stability in the Middle East is predicated upon Iranian participation.
536	And now Djokovic awaits him.
537	And now I feel as ancient as the people I met when I started out, the tribe that itself started out in the 1940s and 1950s, when newspapers were king and the work that reporters did was the stuff of movies.
538	And now it appears Baja could lose its remaining 10% stake in the mine, which went into production in early 2015, 18 months behind schedule.
539	And now they call Portland home.
540	And of course, the challenge goes way beyond the White House.
541	And opinions from the attorney general’s office are still on the way for two state senators with different legal questions.
542	And other popular songs were “toomalay” and “Ten cents a bottle.”
543	And our only other potential audience seemed equally demoralizing: People who have thought about doing their own podcast, but just haven’t been able to screw up the courage to pull the trigger.
544	And people seem surprised by that, but I realized, almost from the start, that our story – everyone loves someone.
545	And people were reading about a faraway place called Vietnam in the newspapers.
546	And remember folks, the rich figure they can squeeze us for $350 million for downtown.
547	Andrew B. Ayers is a retired businessman and Grayson County resident Monday, January 17, 2011 at 7:00 am (Updated: January 17, 7:58 am) If you subscribe to the newspaper, you receive FREE access to all the exclusive content of the web site!
548	Andrew read the letter to me Monday as mom was driving him to basketball camp: “I think there should be a law saying that officers must have a true and good reason to shoot someone.
549	And, sadly, like phantom polar bears on phantom ice floes, warmists are drifting, reality-wise, farther and farther out to sea.
550	And say, oh, there’s not going to be any hope for them, right?
551	And SB682 would allow the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to develop residences in Kakaako makai (which OHA acquired this year via SB2783).
552	And she gets mad at me.
553	And she has a message for young aspiring dancers in Altoona and anywhere: “Nothing worth achieving comes easy.
554	And so I did, and this allowed me to reconnect with him while working on projects together.
555	And sometimes You give us what we need but we have to wait for it for awhile.
556	And so people don't recognize the level of that disparity, but obviously Trump is going to make it worse.
557	" And so workers have laid down plywood so they can get from the building site to their trucks on the street, and raised up electrical to keep that out of the water.
558	And, that day is the day after, none other than this Friday.
559	And that means less flooding.
560	And that means we need to find some energy now to ensure that our businesses and our economy are well positioned to take advantage of the upturn, whenever it comes.
561	And that’s one of the things that makes the vampire case so interesting in terms of an example of cooperation in nature.
562	And that's what LeBron is trying to do in Miami.
563	And that's why we have the runways that are aligned with the winds," he said.
564	And the chains are growing; the number of Buffalo Wild Wings locations has tripled from 370 in 2005 to 1,136 by the end of 2015.
565	And the fact that the opponent had defeated them on all but two occasions over the past 18 seasons.
566	And their act does not stop at fancy footwork – the pair can hold a tune as well.
567	And the label shows that it’s from one of the chain of 99 Ranch Market stores, none of which is located in Austin.
568	And the lunch menu from beef and bugs, or Barra skipper feast, the best thing for those who forgot to plan ahead is just like the venue "no bookings needed".
569	And the makers of ‘Zindagi 50-50’ starring Pakistani starlet Veena Malik and Rajan Verma, aren’t any different.
570	And then a guy named Scott Dixon won.
571	And the Network of the Zambian People living with HIV/AIDS (NZP+) has described the reduction in new infections as remarkable.
572	And there are not enough such crossing places in busy areas of town.
573	And there cannot be real peace without justice.
574	And therein lies her voice – not just murderously funny, but relatable.
575	And there's Nixon of Watergate, who had infamously resigned in disgrace.
576	And the sunsets are always the most beautiful.
577	And they certainly implied that they were hardcore, revisit-all-the-trade-deals Democrats.
578	And they have been torn up by the Sri Lankan government due to pressure either by the Sinhala opposition or by influential forces such as the Buddhist clergy.
579	And they’ll soon be sending more.
580	And they Skype to discuss service projects and fundraisers.
581	And this becomes a vicious cycle because it does not only affect the young couple but, as Ms Greening hints, also their children whose chances to attend school equally become bleak.
582	And this race toward competitiveness has displaced Europe from leading positions in production of items that up and until ten years ago were deemed quintessentially European.
583	And through her journey, Isabel's taken a new appreciation for butterflies, using them as a source of encouragement.
584	And to date the only reason Mr. Littwin has given for supporting Mrs. Clinton is, well, she’s not Donald Trump.
585	And voters will have good reason to view future efforts to raise open-space funds with more skepticism.
586	And we are all responsible for repairing our broken politics so this can’t happen again.
587	And we have to have enhanced border security.
588	“And we have told that to the Georgians, and I am confident that the Russian Government has told that to the people of South Ossetia and Abkhazia,” she told an audience at the Moscow State University.
589	“And we know what we do with Progress candidates,” she added cryptically.
590	And we'll hear about a new book designed to help with early literacy.
591	And we mean to go on doing just that.
592	And what about Bush?
593	And what did he learn from his own presidency?
594	And what does it mean when you say banks are charged, but all the people go free?
595	And what impression does this incessant volte-face in this murder probe create about the Nigeria police?
596	And what’s funny is most people do this type of thing when they retire.
597	And when I had a rough day, when I came up empty at idea meetings, when the I-85 gridlock was too much, when an innocent comment from my editor sent me into a full-blown crisis of confidence, there was really no one to turn to.
598	And when it’s done, there is none other like it anywhere.
599	And, when major league baseball player Ozzie Smith, was inducted into the Hall of Fame, it was this man he thanked.
600	“And when Nick Jacobs won his 195 final, I knew that clinched it because (Bosco) didn’t have anyone left after that.”
